# A03: BST deletions

### Purpose:
#### The purpose of this file is to implement a deletion function at the user(s) discretion. This is achieved by implementing the logic in the private area of the BST class. The logic is as follows:
#### We create a delete function that is void (no return as we are rearranging the tree). We initially check for the presence of a root to verify that there is a tree initialized. Once we verify the tree exists we make comparisons to the value in the root to decide which way we need to traverse the tree. We will traverse left if the value is less and right if it is more than the respective node. To achieve traversal recursion is used to restart the check with the updated value. This check repeats until we reach the a leaf of child node. Using the tertiary operator we dictate that if we find the node that needs to be deleted has children we will create a temp node for that area and delete it, effectively deleting branches if needed. Lastly, an inorder operation is created to ensure the tree is still in order from least to greatest. With the help of the helper function _findMin, which displays the minimums in travesal, a rebalance is possible.   

### asym/sym deletions:
#### This program interates two different methods of deletion: Asymmetric and Symmetric. This program will interate through user defined cycles and batches giving in real-time updates for deletion status, including IPL changes. Additionally, a dot file is made that can be used to visualize the finialized tree creation, the default sizes are  64, 128, 256, 512, 1024, 2048. A tree is created with random values and projected its own dot file with the type of deletion being named during file creation. 
